---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: Jam Session talk at SmashingConf New York '25
date: 2025-04-07T12:39:01.450Z
tags:
  - speaking
---
T﻿hanks to my employer, I'll be attending my fifth Smashing Conference this October in New York. It is a benefit that I haven't taken for granted since working for them in December of 2017. When they told me about this benefit, I knew there was only one conference I wanted to attend. That was Smashing Conference! Looking back at my email account, I started subscribing to their newsletter in 2013. I was instantly hooked by the content they were posting on their website and newsletters. Two years later, I had completed my Bachelor's degree at Northern Kentucky University, to finish out my degree. From following Smashing, I knew that I wanted to become a Web Developer. I had tried to solve their challenges to win a ticket to come to a Smashing Conference because that was the only way I was going to possibly be able to attend one. 

I﻿ remember attending my first Smashing Conference in San Francisco in the Spring of 2018. I was so nervous as this was the first time I had traveled out west by myself and getting the opportunity to meet people I had looked up for for so long. During the talks, I was in such aww of the content that was being delivered by the speakers. It wasn't until the After Party event, on the first night of the conference talks, where I truly felt like I belonged there. The After Party was at an arcade bar, where Smashing had reserved the upstairs bar for the attendees and speakers to hang out. I still recall Vitaly Friedman, the guy whom I had looked up to, asking me to play a game of pool with him. "Sure!", I replied. In between turns, while playing pool, we'd have discussions about different topics. When he asked what I did, and the things I had been working on at work, I knew then that he cared about what my skillset was and what I was hoping to get out of the conference. As I've gotten to know Vitaly more of the years, he asks what others do to get speakers for his conferences that'll allow for attendees to get the most out of the topics by addressing many of the most popular concerns and road blocks for people in their careers.